Privacy Policy for Turbo ERP

At Turbo ERP, we are committed to protecting the privacy of our users. This privacy policy explains how we collect, use, and disclose personal information through our ERP application.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. we will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Turbo ERP unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to The information that we request is retained on your device and is not collected by us in any way.

User Rights
Users have the right to access, correct, and delete their personal information. information and withdraw their consent at any time. To exercise these rights, some of the data can edit from the app, or users can contact us using the contact information provided in this privacy policy.

The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Log Data We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Security
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of personal information.

Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that is commonly used as an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your device internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and to improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

Service Providers I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

To facilitate our Service.
To provide the Service on our behalf.
To perform Service-related services.
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Security I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Children’s Privacy These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do the necessary actions.


Changes to Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. We will notify users of any changes by posting the updated policy on our website and updating the "Last Updated" date.

Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact us using the contact information provided in this privacy policy.

This privacy policy is effective as of 23/04/2023.
